Finally ah!!!!!!!!!
I want to play video games, everyone is great!!!
"Detroit: Changing People" I will never remember the most stupid game name in history.
Like "Super Killer: Two Souls"
What are you doing? "Detroit: Changing People" Please ask for a normal name.
I just spent five minutes thinking about "What is the name of the game?"
Haotian
Uh
It looks so uncomfortable at first sight.
God, she is breaking the fourth wall, ah, ah.
Hehehe
Oh, this is so great.
I want to choose moderate, I am moderate.
God, it’s strange to see such a picture is weird.
I don’t know what you know, hahaha.
Ok, it’s very good, I’m sure I’m good enough.
Ok? Please don't hesitate.
What do you want to set up?
呃 I want a very good game experience with a very good control system.
呃If you choose casual, then don’t play anymore.
let's start
Hey, you can't tell me.
thank you
Of course, brother
Having said that, I am very much looking forward to playing this game.
I love "Rainstorm" is one of my favorite games.
"Super killer: two souls" You know
Very entertaining but not excellent
So I will hesitate when this game is launched.
I didn't want to play right away until I judged it.
Then I found myself not rushing to the starting lineup.
Everyone has already played, so I think I should not play.
But I found out that this game is really cool.
I want to play, I really want to play.
So let's start, I hope you can join me on this journey.
As long as it’s a good game, shooting is always fun.
As far as I know this game is a good game.
Then I have to start walking everyone.
Hehe, you can hear the sound of the background.
Hey let me take a look
Explain to people who don’t know much
This kind of game is based on the story story.
Allows you to change the plot from the options
"Rainstorms" is the inspiration for this game.
I don't care about your daughter!
Let me finish my words
Oh, I am a real person, thank you.
Good Allen captain
See your mission, what are our tasks?
Find the captain, it looks like he
What happened?
Hello~ I am a robotic armpit armpit
Hello there?
Hahahaha
Uh
I don't know what the name should be?
What is its recent status?
I have not entered the situation, it is a little difficult to choose.
So there is human nature
Hey... I know what the situation is.
The probability of success is the decisive key to every second?
Know the state of things is good
I will save the hostages without paying the price.
Understand the state of things
Sorry, what is my mission?
Oh, all? I thought I could choose
very funny
Good analysis, he is working hard
what happened to you?
The first victim of the police
OK, we are looking for clues, OK, cool.
What are you doing? Collecting information
PO Dechart Antony
Yeah, no one cares about being called Antony. It’s a loser.
Stephen Tart, I just got a shot in the sulphur sulphide
Ok, there is another clue.
Seeing that I didn’t find it, I must be a detective.
Good right ventricle OK OK
Let's analyze the murder scene, everyone!
Press L2 to play back OK so we can see what's going on is cool
~Crush my heart because you dear because you gave ~
~ painful love ~
The police hit the prisoner and played back to find new clues.
Then...the hostage is also there.
I gave a moral impact and understood OK.
Then there must be other clues here to see
Where I am, I really say that I am a genius.
You are watching the genius, playing live, you are welcome, we found it.
I found the gun and I was under the table.
No one else can find a thank you... Super technology
We can find weapons that we can't find. This weapon has been here for several years.
Without me, it is impossible to find it.
I don’t think I will leave fingerprints because I am a robot.
So I took it and started to act.
Century magazine robots work less and less
Ah, he's fine.
Conner, is he right? Hey, don’t care.
Don’t worry if you’re almost out
YouTube hasn't caught us yet.
What kind of blue blood?
YES, I like this game too much.
Ok, so the more information you get, the more successful your mission.
Brother you
Ok, I found the hostage.
Why is it strange that he looks like me long?
What's your name?
I mean, my name is Conner...
Hey, I skipped two things, so I can't.
I played the wrong way. I want to replay it.
Ok, since I started to replay, I just said that I just wanted to say
That is... I love this kind of game, especially "Rainstorm"
"Rainstorm" is one of my favorite games because
You really think
The story is affected by your options
That game has a lot of different endings
If you messed up, for example, the task is to save your son.
If you messed up, chances are you will
It turned into a very painful ending, but if it succeeds, it will let the game continue.
I don't know how to say it, I feel very good.
Then "Super Killer: Two Souls" is launched.
But it is like walking on your own story
It’s a bit offensive to the meaning of video games. In retrospect, almost all of them are
But after playing this one, I found out that they (the game company) have reference to the past style.
I really like this game to make you feel
Ok, we are back. OK, we are back here.
I just want to say that I really like this game and let you feel it.
The impact of your choice is great
But playing on YouTube is not easy because
My goodness
Because if everyone knows that you have chosen the wrong or made a mistake, you will be super angry.
I tell you that I will try my best to make a choice.
That is not a family who is going to have dinner.
We still have two things to do to search for hostages.
Also check the victim to do this first.
Can I run?
If I go out like I used to, I will probably fail.
This story will be completely different.
Or! They just play us again and the story is the same anyway.
This is the problem with this game. A lot of games are
Let you think you can make a choice
I think this is why telltale's game has become obsolete.
When you play for the first time, you will feel "women"
I really think my options affect the changes in the plot.
My choice is really important but I found out that it was not
Everyone’s ending is the same
Isn't it a PS VR? Wow lost the opportunity to put in marketing.
Wait, this is the headset, the child didn’t hear the gunshots.
Wait, is this a mystery?
If you love your life, your life will live...
What is this the most stupid thing I have ever heard?
What are you looking at? PewDiePie? YouTube?
I want to slide my board or Zoella, isn't it?
Wow! Daniel! You don't look cool now!
Oh, it’s very convenient to just play this video. Haha
I don’t want to eat this set too.
可能性The possibility of our success has become higher
Ok, who is the victim of the victim?
Hey, how are you here?
It doesn't look good, I don't know why I want to say hello.
Blinking eyes, we check the eyes
Audiences
Ok, the same method but different guys
呃好好喔恩哼哼气胸
Who is not that kind of thing, you are really a kind of
Too bad
Ok, I know where he is going to die, where do I want to see?
Where? It must be hair on the face.
This is the chest, I know
YES!!!! The best live on YouTube
What's the matter with him? He is sitting and resting, what is he holding?
Good fun and interesting, what else?
My God replay
There is a person who directly shot him... mother soup
What do you mean? OK, we have finished the analysis.
Hey, he got rid of what you mean
Are you kidding me?! You can find it directly without analysis.
Oh yes, you can be very good.
Hey, he has to be replaced!
You are a bastard! How can you change him!
Ok, so we only have 76...
70...%? Where is the flow chart?
What? So what have we missed to find Captain Allen?
what? What???
What????? What? No, this
Ok, then only the hostages are found.
Ok, there is something, the gun is good, so we know us.
We have found the gun
What are the clues?
Ah bullet
Ok, so there are indeed clues.
The prisoner took his father’s gun
So we know that he is armed now.
I only have 78%!? Fucking!? It seems that there should be a chance.
I have to calculate faster every second!!!! No!!!!
OK, I think we have finally done everything.
Now we have not chosen ok.
Hurry up 78%, there is a chance
Why are you hitting me?! I have nothing to do!
He won't hurt her
Hey! Hey!
Hehehehe
Yeah!
what
Please, let's get worse!
Ok, we found him.
Slowly approaching a good Daniel calm
fantastic
Then let go of the girl, Daniel.
呃 lying
what...
hateful!
呃Emma and your relationship choose this
Emma, ​​are you lying??
Ah, not Daniel, you are just making trouble.
What are the possible factors?
Oh, choose it.
Is there something in the pool?
Sympathize with him
Hey, we have done a good job! Good!
Right, you are crying again.
喔~
Accept
Oh, no, no... Ahha!
Now 喔那
Come on, the last chance
Ah hateful!
Don't do this, I just want to speed up a little!
@#$& Shut up!
My goodness
No, no, brother.
Oh, okay, you know?
Intimidating him, huh, how are you?
Don't be so fast.
nest
what? What!?
What?! No!
Do not!!!!!!!
Are you kidding me?
It's me
You are an idiot for you.
My goodness!
hateful!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am so angry
Look at your look
Ok, so there are a total of 1 2 3 4 5
There are even six directions if I choose to use a gun.
I can shoot him.
So cool, they will show it to you.
Seeing that this is what I said, I really think that I am
It seems that I have wasted too much time. My God is so cool.
Can I go back to replay? This is the real problem.
I don't think I can
Ok, leave the gun!
Sorry! I thought I could play very well.
It seems that it is not possible
come on!!!!
YAAAAAAAAAASSSSS!
Trust me!
Oh
Don't kill, don't shoot at my face.
YES!!!
This is what you deserve! Daniel
God, this is a picture of a real person.
Ok, we have done it, finally, I spent some time.
You Wang Ba
I mean, oh....
How do you first technically shoot me first?
So I don't know what else to say.
Conner, come on a fast Dab, don't you?
Mission success
Pretty cool looks very visible at the moment
What do you think? Click on it to help me press it.
and many more
What are you waiting for?
Didn't I have the archives that I just played?
No, no, no, no, no, no
Are you kidding? I can't do it, I don't accept it.
Ok, I want to come back.
Ok, we are back, yeah, we have to continue playing.
That probably took me longer than the length of the film.
Ok, who is this little boy?
I just know that it’s a kid, do you understand?
What do you sell for 10,000 different dishes? Machine?
Sorry, let me introduce you in more detail.
I am introducing the robot
Hey, is this one of the display machines? Am I?
I’m so appreciative.
Are they going to choose me?
This one will hit a pistol very much.
I mean it sounds good.
Does that one know how to dance Fornite dance?
Oh, really, can you dance L?
That is definitely where I am going.
Oh, don’t buy me.
Oh, I am sending it for repair.
Oh, damn, I don’t know what will happen.
I want to call the chrysanthemum chrysanthemum
Poop chrysanthemum
Damn!!! I am a woman!?
Kara? Good and innocent.
God
Is this a re-arrangement?
This is the soundtrack of a movie.
I don't know if David Cage is still assisting in making
Is he called David Cage?
He is the first video game maker
Want to make a game that looks like a movie
If you played his first work, it’s actually the second one.
What is it called? (Phantom killer) Message to help me I forgot
Hey, I remember what you played.
Will show you playing movies and rewinding things like
In fact, the game is very fun.
Do you remember? Have you seen me play?
It’s been a long time ago, it’s really fun.
Time really passed for a long time
It’s amazing to see the progress of the game’s progress over the years.
It seems that they are also a bit of reference.
The last game is not that bad, but it is...
Not a good idea
They want to make the game look like a movie too.
I think "Super Killer: Two Souls" is their first previous one.
They used the model of the festival to make it?
If you have robots, how would you use it?
It’s weird if you use VR to play
It’s fun to see other enemies or people playing around.
If you have a robot, you should do the same.
OK, so David Cage is also a producer, of course.
Hahaha...
Another feature of this game is that they make the picture look incredible.
Then just finished, it’s a very ugly tree.
Face of the character's face animated character
I remember playing "Rainstorm" when I haven't played YouTube yet.
I spent my savings to buy that game.
I bought PS3 and "Rainstorm" I really enjoyed it very much.
That is a time when I am still alive.
Playing games is a conduit to escape reality
Ok, now I am this person, I don’t know why.
Sorry, I like to talk about my own things. What can you do?
There is currently no task to get back the order number 66...
I am going to the Bellini paint shop.
OK
So he sent his robot to run errands?
It looks so cool!
Plastic retardation
We exclude racial discrimination by robots
Now you can hate them directly.
Positioned by satellite according to R2
Bellini paint is not here, good to everyone here.
Hot dog~
Ok, you are doing a bad job as a robot.
Open your eyes
brothers
There is no sentence in the brain when you can’t swear.
Come check it out
Oh, are you?
Which button can be used for Dab?
Forgot me for us in Detroit
He is the man on the cover, right?
It seems that there are issues involving black slaves here.
Maybe I will talk about these topics again, I don’t know.
Where is the good idiot paint shop? It’s here.
Bellini pigment store is very good since 2009~
Hello~
Please give me the best paint thank you~
He is also a robot.
Hahaha
Hey, this is the picture of the game cover.
You probably heard that you can put something like a wafer into your hand.
Then there are not many places where you can pay through the chip.
The control of the game is still as good as ever.
Have you ever done this kind of thing? Want to pay like this?
Things that look crazy now may be very common in the future.
Interestingly, the way to pay now is already very embarrassing.
Like your stored value in the card, pen
Awkward waiting
Every time I am waiting for payment, I have to wait for the machine, right?
Every time I think I have to say a little bit.
Or do I have to stare at the machine empty?
I have this difficulty every time.
What about you? Please tell me I want to know that I really want to know
Because it’s really embarrassing? Time is long enough to talk
Don’t tell me that it’s too much time, it’s strange that you don’t talk.
Hey, no one wants to know that I understand.
Why do you hate me?
I mean, the robot is full of streets, I don’t know why.
Hehehehe
欸欸
My God, don’t swear, please.
Grabbed our work @#$&
No, he doesn't know Kung Fu? Hurry up to download some moves.
You grab this job~
Ha ha
Destroy it, right?
It sounds like you don’t need to work if someone helps you with things.
It’s okay to buy a robot, right?
Then let them work for you and you can still make it awesome.
Ok, where am I going?
Hey, I have to take a bus.
You know that everyone always hates devastating technology.
At least because everyone will be unemployed, it is understandable.
But technology can bring more work
This is a cyclical process that we will continue to experience.
Just like we used to farm and then we can develop machines that can be farmed.
Hey, are they right?
This is absolutely the same as the incident of Rosa Louise.
They must have their own independent space on the bus
Nothing makes sense
Ok, so wait
Nothing else, but we should be able to explore more places.
Then Marcus took the bus and everyone.
It’s so interesting. This reminds me of Rainstorm.
Do you know? Maybe you guys are jealous of this guy.
But I am sure he is a good person, I am sure he will take good care of us.
It’s so exciting, but how did he buy her?
I am coming back~
Press R1 to switch the screen view
Too much, you have to control your rocker.
Hello, everyone, I am a game player.
Oh, it’s not my fault.
It’s swearing! Don’t be jealous!!!
I very much hope that I will not go to pornography.
Press R2 to scan the environment OK.
We have to clean up, thank you for the game, this is the game, okay?
When a woman's simulator
I'm just kidding!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good to collect garbage, kitchen, what do we have to clear?
Hey, let's throw it directly?
No one has cleaned up your garbage from this big fool.
What should I do now? How to put it down?
Good for you
Good clean up the front desk
Where is it? 噢
You disgusted brother, you are disgusting, you are dirty
Disgusting, she just throws the plate away, right? Look.
Why can you wash the dishes with dab dishes?
Clean up the coffee table coffee table here
Sorry, haha~
TV is open~
This guy eats a lot of pizza.
How did she put those pizza cartons into the garbage bag?
What is this magical.. cardboard..
And you can't put two mixes.. 喔
OK, she thanked God with two bags.. I am very responsible for the future.
A credit card application form is good
The bank did not accept...
Do you know.. If I have those lists, I might also..
喔真尴尬This remote control.. Originally you went this direction..
Then suddenly I went in the opposite direction and then started walking again..
Anyway~! I know you don't care.
Look at it
Is it that Detroit has such a bad community, isn't it?
No? Is that true?
I know that movie..
We have to be very quiet and have a blind person.
Let me think.. This house reminds me of the movie (temporarily stop breathing)
You are very welcome, I am very clear.
TV, stupid, do you think Le?
Hey, give it to me.. Ah! Ah!!
Oh, sorry, do I like to have problems with hockey?
He has a curved screen digging
Ok, let's talk to her.
Ok, don't talk to her, God.
What else do we want to clear?
Return with Todd
Dishwasher: start the vacuum cleaner
Branch (line) mission!
Of course, we have to suck the floor.
What do you think is this? Play games?
No! I care about cleaning.
Is he numb?
What is that sound?
What is your problem? It seems that it is in the drug?
I like to help you clean~
喔Todd Todd is the best ㄌ~
Upstairs, everyone
Can't I clear this? It looks like...
So what can you not make that kind of voice...?
Good to make the bed to let the room ventilate..?
That's why you want to watch the game live.
It’s better to see someone cleaning things in the game.
God, she really will make the bed.
Seeing this is my dream, I hate to sort the bed.
This is one of the things I hate to do.
If my quilt is not flattened, I can't sleep.
So I have to adjust often I hate that OK?
Why can't we invent better quilts? Please
Who is going to find a way... or a robot
Not asking you to buy a robot...
I feel very strange...
I don't like having a cleaning maid or something like that.
If the cleaning maid has a male...
Just don't like to let other people do things for me.
But I like the machine to do things for me.
I don't know why... It's like a dishwasher... I am very happy.
I feel very good.
I don't care about this, how can I leave?
Have you tried a 3D printer? It’s always fun to watch it work.
Why should I open it?
I use my head to open
This channel likes yellow very much.
So there are some power issues between robots and humans.
Interesting
There are twenty more... 250,000 people are unemployed?
Ok, we know there are a lot of controversies.
We have to come to the wind
That's exactly what I want to order.
Tian Ah feels that I am sorting things in real life.
Ok, what is this?
What is this? Is it me?
definitely is..
OK Todd's room is complete
We are all finished
what did I do!?
I love Todd, really like him, I love Todd, he is awesome.
The toilet was blocked by Todd's poop. Todd was the best. I love Todd.
The spur line task is cool, are we going to do the spur task?
are you kidding me??
Is there an option for me to choose what to clear?
Yes, I just cleaned it.
Can't you teach a child to do it yourself?
嘿Alice
Finishing your room, you stupid
I am doing these shit!
That is something that unlocks the future.
I have to escape, right?
Hello Alice
"real" "friendly" "courteous" friendly?
What do you like?
(laughs) 尴尬
What about your mother?
喔噢
Oh my name is Kara.
Good job
What did she give me?
Paper strip?
It is the key!
Where is the key to??
Kara thought: I love the key...
I love the key...
Ask Todd!
Ok, so this is my memory.
Jacksepticeye...
I know that I can't get rid of him...
That little bastard
Is that the mother?
Is that Todd? How does it look so good?
Then a little pigment on her head
Dad doesn’t like sportswear.
Then Dad patted her... day...
Then my arm is broken!?
My goodness...
Let's go back.
I don’t know if I was hit by a car...
Alice in Wonderland!
It seems to be written by the author living in Brighton.
Someone told me that I don’t know if it’s true or not.
I live in Brighton...
There seems to be a lot of things I don't know if there really is a lot...
Someone covered the tunnel on the other side of the tunnel.
I don't know if it is really more and more I think it is a lie.
I heard that the tunnel is...
Just let the author write the inspiration of Alice, I don’t know.
Clean up the toilet
I mean, anyway, I’m here, we’re here.
I am sure that you really like to hear me say some five four three.
So why not clean up the neat shampoo?
And the more I think about it, the more people don’t need to have a robot.
What you need is a woman
I am joking!!!! That is a joke!!!!!!!
How is this mop small like a fart?
My good day, my god.
Why are you why?
Hey, I have to keep turning.
Ok, we solved all the work.
It’s time to proceed to the next step. Felix
Ok!! God.
I just want to play a little more thoroughly.
I have a lot of fun and fun.
Otherwise what do you think I am doing?
Right, that’s right.
Don't swear
But you bought the robot
I love Todd~ Todd is the best~
God...
Where is the Dab button?
If this game doesn't make me a moment of Dab
I will definitely be very disappointed!!!
With it! Look
I missed one! No!!!!!!
No!!!!!!! Damn!!!!!!!!
Ah... I am a robot, let's continue.
Let's play another story, okay, one more.
Come again, come on.
7 am ~ not at all
Wake up in the morning~
Cyberlife founder Mark Zuckerberg
nest
If you have the money to buy a bunch of robots, you will be super handsome!
Then you can let them fight like Pokémon!
That would be great
Too bad
If you do the robot, you can make a dream.
Bao Ke Meng is the inspiration for this game.
Carl, I dare say that Carl is also a fool.
The children of rich families are stupid
What is this on the wall? 喔 is the kind of elevator
This picture is really big.
Stupid
My stupid?
Going upstairs to wake up Carl, I am already upstairs, isn't it?
Ancient fossils at home
Just like everyone else
Wo automatic door! Too bad!
Carl is... old man?
Carl is an old man!! And there are tattoos!
Hehehe because you will not forget?
My goodness! Just like me!
So when can I draw a picture? Because I think
We can just finish the live situation when we draw the picture, right?
Hehehe, this is the key point.
Carl!
Ah
One of the best employers of robots so far
I’m still criticizing Carl, I feel so bad.
Please don’t let me do that.
Have you seen the movie "Cloud Lovers"?
Is a great movie depicting humans and...
Artificial intelligence AI? Robot? Emotion
I am curious if this game will tell you that they have a very close feeling.
Like the movie, that cat is really ugly.
What is this action? I have to...
This game creates a great atmosphere
I don't like Carl's paintings first.
咿嘻嘻嘻嘻
Oh
Now let him take the elevator.
Or we have the option to push him down
It’s so cool, the nest is fast!
I am faster than I am walking! I want one more! Hahaha
OK So I continue to push him still?
It’s so great for me to move to him behind me.
Automatic door
This TV is so cool!
You are welcome to be the same as I said!
OK So we have to have breakfast? Or?
I don't know how to make scrambled eggs. I don't like to eat eggs.
Oh, I’m already thankful.
This game will definitely ruin me.
Ok, what about the mug?
Is that his child?
He has that kind! The faucet tied to the wall
This is called a good savage
Please see
If he is not in good health, can he give him bacon and eggs?
Just ask, okay? You can eat oatmeal.
Oatmeal is also good and delicious.
It’s great to promote bowel movement right away.
He hasn't touched that...
Eat fruit, Carl!
That is a double-sided TV is too embarrassing!
Looking for something to do, what do I have to do?
Other games will have that kind of character dialogue when you get lost.
I think this game is not available.
Why do the Russians want to swallow in the Arctic?
We *嗝* need territory in outer space
There are signs of life on the Titans.
What is this thing talking about?
What is Titan Star?
Pretty cool
damn it
It seems that there is nothing to change in the future.
and many more
How many years is it now?
My good partner! The whiskey of the whole car~
The bottle is not... not fake
I thought that there would be fake brands.
Like an animation
OK, let's play a good piano.
DEEE SPACITO #$&^@%&#
"sorrowful" "hopeful" "excited"
Well, he makes people feel a bit...
Give him some hope, okay?
By the way, I am pushing the button while I am playing.
Oh, hahahahaha
Do you like it? DE~Spacito～
Ok, are you like it?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
he is...
Ok we go to the studio
!!! To start!!!!
Yeah~屎~
Why are there stairs? Is that a giraffe??
Why not?
Why not? What is it?
Even the old swan~
I can't wait, I can finally see what the picture looks like.
Waited for so long...
What's the situation now?
Want me to pull?
Ok, this is much more beautiful.
Hey, we have to clean up the work when he waits for him to draw.
so cool
Looks terrible
Then what do I have to clean up?
What else?
I have a very fun sweeping simulator. I have a good time.
Please give me more options to clean up.
Clap ~
What else to clear?
Don't care, don't care for me.
Ok, there
Give me something, I didn’t think I would say this.
Oh
Is it enough for me to clean up?
Give me a fascination, give me a fascination, give me a mystery!
Oh... I like it.
That's right!!!
Are you saying that you have never been curious?
Grace, I am really curious about what kind of pattern.
Ok
Find a sample you are saying with my...
Why can't you paint what you want to draw?
Painting Carl's picture is pretty cool
Hey... the desktop looks boring
We chose the statue, we are going to draw
Let me paint~
Painting is such a thing, I am afraid that you do not know that this is
Finally, why didn't a game be painted?
Really show the art of painting
My God, my God.
what?
That's right! Ok, we haven't got there yet.
Let's come and let us know
This is a big picture
Started!! I am ready!!
Hey, do I still have to choose?
How does it look at robots?
With hope
I hope I will make him amazing.
Faster
My goodness...
Hehehehehe
Who is this idiot?
Pay attention to your language Leo please
Dab Dab Dab Dab
hateful
Good guys, come here.
The first episode is over!
I like it very much, I hope that you too.
If you see it last, please help me press it.
I will thank you very much.
See us tomorrow for a new episode
掰~